okay so asus has a line
of gaming laptops called the rog
zephyrus
laptops and they're like the premium
laptops from asus like the premium
gaming stuff
that is the best built the best
performing the
thinner lighter stuff this is like their
flagship stuff this is the rog
zephyrus duo zephyrus m15
and the s15 and i was originally going
to do a video on each one of these but
then i thought
there's so much stuff that's like in
common between them and i thought i'd
just do like
one super duper mega laptop video and
just kind of cover them all at once
so i'm gonna start with this one because
this uh i've
done a preview of this device like i had
like an engineering sample a few months
ago but this was a device that i
actually wanted to use as my primary
machine it was going to be this
or the xps 17 different devices but
you'll see why it's this really cool
implementation
of a secondary screen and this screen
is awesome it really doesn't matter what
you're doing if you're playing games or
browsing reddit
or doing video production music
production it really doesn't matter
because having
more screen like this is always a good
thing and because of the tilt is just a
lot more useful
than other implementations of a
secondary screen
on a laptop now in order to have a
screen like this they have to shove
everything down
and the keyboard is in this lowered
position i
don't mind the ergonomic change as a
result of this like there's no more
palm rest you do have the optional palm
rest that it comes with
here it is and it slots right in front
of it
it doesn't attach magnetically or
anything it's just like this
piece of rubber it's comfortable i don't
really need it but
the one thing that i don't like about
this keyboard is
because of this because your hands are
forced to be further away
you are now like eight nine inches away
from the screen than you normally would
if this laptop
didn't have this configuration like
normally i'm gonna show this
your hands would be like here on a
laptop right
but because of this they're here so you
just sit a little bit further back and
because of that seating position
it's like this 15 inch screen becomes
like a like a 13 or 14 inch screen just
because everything's a little bit
smaller now because it's further away
and i don't think there's a way around
this i feel like if you're gonna use the
zephyrus duo
you have to be comfortable with being
seated further away from the screen than
you normally would be
the keyboard itself is fine i actually
like the way that it types layout is
good
and the trackpad even though it's
shifted over to the right is a perfectly
fine trackpad
but it's just the the positioning that
you guys should be aware of
if you're going to drop this kind of
money on this machine the
rest of the device um it's good
i'm not going to go into thermal
performance until the very end i'll kind
of talk about the
thermal designs of all these things at
the end but this machine is equipped
with
an rtx 2080 super max q and the unlocked
8 core cpu from intel it's got 32 gigs
of ram
two ssds but only a single slot of
replaceable memory the
other 16 gigs on this device are
soldered on the wi-fi module is baked on
and the battery life is okay it's a four
hour battery it's a big one 90 watt
hours but because of the secondary
screen and the device that i have
has a 4k panel up top i was only getting
just over four hours
on my regular battery test uh there's
one other thing i would say is like a
minor
quibble i have about this it's the ac
adapter it comes out
like not only does it come at the side
it's actually quite close to the front
of the device
so it's just in this relatively
inconvenient spot i really like to have
seen it in the back or at the very least
kind of further back on the side okay
let's move on to
other devices uh let's go with this one
the zephyrus
m15 this is the least expensive of the
bunch it's actually my favorite
of these machines i like it a lot not
just because of its price the price is
better
but this is designed really well for a
12 or 1300
machine it's well built with a solid
chassis unibody construction so there's
no seams or anything like that on the
paneling
it's just it's it's what you would
expect for a zephyrus product and i'm
actually surprised they're selling this
for
this price point at least surprised that
they're able to do this type of build at
this price point because it's
almost identical to the one that's
double in price in terms of build
quality
it comes in this nice gray color i think
they call it prismatic gray
and it's got this like dot matrix
looking thing that's
slightly holographic it's super subtle
but looks really nice to me and the gray
is all over the device as well it's not
just the top panel it's on the keyboard
deck and everything
and it also has that like slightly soft
touch finish to it
but it's also complemented by this nice
white
backlighting on the keyboard which in
this day and age is not that common a
lot of gaming laptops go for like crazy
rgbs
and this is just a nice pure white the
keyboard has a pretty standard
asus layout i think most people like it
or at the very least get used to it
quite quickly
and there's also the small arrow key
cluster
on the bottom right if that's something
used frequently there's one thing i
noticed in terms of the lighting
it is that nice white lighting but
there's a difference
between the rgb versions and the white
lit versions
the white ones have like you can see the
function keys
like you can actually see the f1 through
f12 quite clearly but on the rgb
iterations they don't actually light up
the f numbers
only the functions that those keys do so
if that's something that's very
important to you and you want these
devices
go for the gray prism white backlit
version
okay trackpad standard good trackpad
that's basically it for this one no
we'll look take a look at the inside
very similar innards between
all of these devices but this one has
the weird thing it's the cheapest one
but it's got the same mediocre speakers
as the one that's triple the price right
that's normal so there's two ssd slots
and a single ram slot again and this one
has a 76 watt hour battery but you're
getting
five hours of battery life which is a
little bit better than the surface duo
this is running a single screen for one
and a lower res screen
for two so it's just going to have
slightly better battery life than the
big boy
uh the screen so it's a 1080p screen
240hz it's a great screen now this unit
is running the six core intel cpu as
well as the rtx
2070 max-q which is again a very
decked-out system
i am surprised that they're able to sell
this at that price point like if you
look at the
other competitors that are selling
well-built machines
that look good look simple and have like
a full package
if you're getting a 20 70 max q
at you know fifteen hundred dollars and
change that's pretty good
now there are some things i don't love
about this machine uh they're minor but
i'm just going to mention them
the ac adapter coming out on the left
side again like right in the middle it
can be inconvenient when your cables are
coming out there
uh standard port selection otherwise but
there's no webcam
so not everyone needs a webcam for the
people that do you now have to
purchase an external it doesn't come
with one or anything it's just
part of the deal now some people might
love that right the whole privacy thing
going on right now
but that is the zephyrus m now last
up zephyrus s
15. this machine is this
used to be the flagship this used to be
asus's most expensive laptops like the
first
zephyrus s the premium super thin super
powerful machine
the difference between this one and the
m is
well the big thing is components this
has an eight core
intel cpu and an rtx 2080
super max q it's gonna be the fastest
stuff that you can get in a laptop
but to cool components like this it's
hard like to cool an 8 core cpu
i should rephrase to cool an intel 8
core cpu
it's difficult right these things pull a
lot of wattage and that rtx 2080 super
max q
is it's a power hog so you've got to
vent the stuff
properly now in order to do it in a
chassis this thin
asus does the the gap thing right when
you raise the lid
the hinge opens up to allow for better
airflow it is effective
absolutely does a good job removing heat
but the question is
is it really worth it because this is
double the price of the m15 and they're
very similar there's a lot of stuff
that's like
identical between the two the shape the
design the
construction of the two they're so
similar even the internals are very
close to each other so here's my take on
this
when the zephyrus s first came to the
market this super thin super powerful
device
this was special it was weird to be able
to see something that was this
form factor with this kind of capability
but over the years
every company including asus but every
company has just gotten better
at cooling laptops and keeping them thin
so
now all three of these devices are now
running liquid metal they have
great thermal systems and you don't need
crazy hardware to get
excellent performance right now and
that's not to take away from what the
s15 is right it's a
very powerful eight core rtx 2080 super
equipped super thin machine that's
really difficult to do but not a lot of
games can take advantage of what this
thing offers
over what the half price m15 offers
it also doesn't have as nice of a screen
it's a 300 hertz screen but it's not as
bright
i prefer the screen on this cheaper one
if if i had to choose between the two so
that's basically the lineup
we have the appropriately priced one
we got like the baller version and we
got the super baller
like zephyrus duo
okay that wraps up this video hope you
guys enjoyed it thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it i'll see you guys
next time